Novice users use this device as normal users use a a remote control. And after a while they start to develop some skills in the the voice recognition functions,. and then they will not use this dial as often.
Could could I see the scroll bar as as as a sort of shortcut? A a and the voice recognition as well,
It's it's it's another approach,
And and the case is is rubber? And the buttons?
Plastic or rubber.
Grey or black or something like that. Whatever cost cost the least.
M but maybe you do want a programme button to for example activate the voice recognition, or train the voice voice recognition.
Okay. Okay, yeah, that's right. Or something li like that.
Al although by pressing the button for I don't know two, three seconds, you could also say it you'd disable it with a little beep and and. The production costs. And what makes it very expensive is for example the solar cell. then I did the following changes. Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells,. by not using the voice recognition feature,. th this design is not within our price model.
But I'm afraid it's not complete.
So the button we can use plastic.
And maybe not use the special form.
And a plastic just plastic buttons, a plas instead of rubber.
It becomes a very dull remote control, I know. But it's the board decision. Maybe we should look at an focus on another. maybe not not all that fancy, but just way way more easy basic
But that's not what has been asked.
Although I think we yeah, but we could still make a remote control that ap applies more to young people. by giving it another colour already. but I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech device. Definitely not, no.
Because if we evaluate it, we we can also determine if our objectives are good.
Is it? Is it fancy?
Just give it a two.
Was it innovative?
We are evaluating this this design now. This prototype.
I think it's a two.
Is it easy to use?
So it will be a two point five.
Is it easy to find?
We haven't re re really worked it out,. but you you can you can just say find and he repeats find.
But I personally give it a one. The feel of the remote control is spongy.
And make this a one point five.
The remote control offers enough features. I'll give it a one. For for the for this type of market, I think it's a one.
I I've I think we've succe succeed in in developing a product that's actually quite good, but not for this kind of market, and not for this kind of price.
But whether or not our clients are are willing to pay twenty five Euros for this kind of device is doub is well, is not sure.
Maybe even because it doesn't look advanced.
It's not it's not very expensive for a remote control that that has this functionality.
You had an overall rating.
It's it's about one point five. Something like that.
We'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation. About the project itself, not about the product.
The process was good. But we weren't aware of the prices of the costs. And and that was the the big deal.
We had we had too little information actually. looking at room for creativity, there was way too the the choice of components was way too narrow. in the first meeting we we already were very creative. I think we're a good team.
I missed it to be able to contact you in between and say, hey Roo. the means, the SMARTboard, the digital pen. Did you like 'em?
The digital pen was okay,. but SMARTboard was really bad.
Although I would like to see OCR.
But I think it's a great solution for for a known problem, writing down some notes, some some inf information, and then forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information. I only think it's th the the shape of the pen is too big.
I missed a feature to easily select a slide and distribute it to the laptops.
The drawing cap capabilities are very limited. And and you were when you're using Windows, you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons, which you can use for drawing.
We need to redesign the product.
I think we we we all know what the redesign should be. A simple, dull, one-coloured box.